---
title: FAR Overhaul PA Updates Resulting from Trade Agreement Threshold Increases
url: https://www.acquisition.gov/content/far-overhaul-pa-updates-resulting-trade-agreement-threshold-increases
date: '2026-05-15'
author: Anonymous
feed_url: https://acquisition.gov/rss.xml
---
FAR Overhaul PA Updates Resulting from Trade Agreement Threshold Increases Anonymous (not verified) Fri, 05/15/2026 - 10:00 Today, March 16th, 2026, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council has updated the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) to conform with the changes to the codified Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) as outlined in FAR Case 2025-007, Trade Agreements Thresholds, Final Rule , effective March 13, 2026. The threshold changes were updated in the following RFO parts: RFO Part 1 - Federal Acquisition Regulations System RFO Part 5 - Publicizing Contract Actions RFO Part 10 - Market Research RFO Part 22 - Application of Labor Laws to Government Acquisitions RFO Part 25 - Foreign Acquisition RFO Part 52 - Solicitation Provisions and Contract Clauses Today, the corresponding updates to the following Practitioner Albums were published: Practitioner Album: FAR Part 1 - Federal Acquisition Regulations System Change Summary updated to account for the supplemental model deviation threshold increases. Practitioner Album: FAR Part 5 - Publicizing Contract Actions Change Summary updated to account for the supplemental model deviation threshold increases. New section called "Practitioner's Perspective: FAQs" added with a Q&A about posting requirements for commercial purchases below the SAT. New accelerator with links to the Periodic Table of Acquisition Innovations and other Practitioner Albums, which support best practices for promoting competition. Practitioner Album: FAR Part 10 - Market Research Change Summary updated to account for the supplemental model deviation threshold increases. New accelerator with links to the Periodic Table of Acquisition Innovations and other Practitioner Albums, which support best practices related to acquisition planning and market research. Practitioner Album: FAR Part 22 - Application of Labor Laws to Government Acquisition s Change Summary updated to account for the supplemental model deviation threshold increases. Practitioner Album: FAR Part 25 - Foreign Acquisition Change Summary updated to account for the supplemental model deviation threshold increases. Practitioner Album: FAR Part 52 - Solicitation Provisions and Contract Clauses Change Summary updated to account for the supplemental model deviation threshold increases. To view all available rewritten FAR Parts and agency deviations, visit: https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide . Stay informed. View the latest FAR Overhaul news and announcements at: https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul . &&
&&
&&
&&
&&
&&
